So now that's it for this module,
we achieved a lot.
We added file upload,
I showed you how you could implement a file picker that looks good,
how you can then use it and validate the input, the file which was chosen with your own mime type validator,
how you then also can upload that file and handle it on the server
and of course how you then also can update it by being flexible regarding whether you're getting the
old path which is a string or a new file which should be re-uploaded.
We implemented all of that in this module,
we're still not done with the overall app,
there are more cool features to be added but this was a huge step forward
and in my opinion, it made sure that our application looks and feels quite a lot nicer.